[ TC762 - KEAMANAN SIBER A ]
Hosea Nicolas A. N. P. Putra
672021159@student.uksw.edu
============================================================
# Part 1: Observe a Network Failover with Redundant Routers.
1. What are the IP addresses of the devices that the traffic from Phil’s laptop is crossing to reach the External Web server?
10.44.1.2 -> 10.45.2.2 -> 209.165.201.1 -> 209.165.201.10

2. Comparing the output of the tracert command to the Addressing Table at the beginning of this lab, which router is operating as the current default gateway?
Router yang berfungsi sebagai default gateway saat ini adalah Router R1.

3. What are the IP addresses of the devices that the traffic from Phil’s laptop is crossing to reach the External Web server?
10.44.1.3 -> 10.45.1.2 -> 209.165.201.1 -> 209.165.201.10

4. Which router is now operating as the current default gateway?
Router yang sekarang berfungsi sebagai default gateway adalah Router R2.

# Part 2: Observe a Network Failover with Redundant Switches
5. Which cable was the data crossing during the successful ping replies before the “Request timed out” messaged occurred?
Sebelum muncul pesan “Request timed out”, data melewati kabel GigabitEthernet 0/2 (penghubung antara switch S1 dan S3).

6. Which cable was the data crossing during the successful ping replies after the “Request timed out” messaged occurred?
Setelah pesan “Request timed out”, data melewati kabel GigabitEthernet 0/1 (penghubung antara switch S2 dan S3).

7. What does this scenario prove about switch failover redundancy when a Gigabit Ethernet port is shutdown all of a sudden?
Skenario ini membuktikan bahwa jika satu port switch mati secara tiba-tiba, lalu lintas jaringan dapat otomatis dialihkan ke jalur cadangan, memastikan konektivitas tetap terjaga.

